may I help you yeah I'm a friend of
Rachel Green's um actually we we met at
the Christmas party about two years ago
oh right
dawn closed Ron uh uh what can I do for
him um well I'm here to see if you'll
give Rachel her job back huh
did she ask you to come here and do this
oh no I first I have to get you to agree
then we'll see if she wants to come back
wow that is tempting look she loved her
job here let's face it you're not gonna
find anyone who did it as well as she
did isn't that true she is good huh I
took a shot there but I'm sorry there's
nothing I can do
oh that's not true there's there's
nothing I want to do I see thanks very
much
this your son yeah his name is Ross what
nothing it's just it's uh it's close to
Ron does he own this little Ross like
dinosaurs by any chance yeah they're all
he talks about why how would he like to
come with me to the Museum of Natural
History after everyone else has left
just the two of us and and he can touch
anything you want
I just heard it how you must have heard
it and that's not good
let me start again I'm a paleontologist
uh you'll be there with us and the
touching refers only to bones fossils
you could really arrange that you let
Rachel come back and it's done well I
guess having Rachel back wouldn't be the
worst thing in the world yeah I guess
don't thank you dude this is great thank
you so much I swear your kid's gonna
have the time of his life that's great
and worry about little Rossi's he's
always reading he's collecting rocks and
he's cest with Dinah steel be fine
um Emma left her stuffed t-rex at my
house you know she can't sleep without
it huh well she's asleep now stop
forcing that thing on her okay oh you're
not gonna believe what happened to me
today Ralph Lauren called and gave me my
job back oh it was the weirdest thing
they fire me and then I don't know where
they just hired me back I mean that
place must just be falling apart without
me so yeah you're not going to Paris
no I'm still going when the Louis
Vuitton people found out that Ralph
Lauren wanted me back they offered me
more money
let's do that great